first
sudo apt update

then install gnupg:

sudo apt install gnupg

now download an image (.deb) of mysql fom the official website

cd /tmp
wget https://dev.mysql.com/get/mysql-apt-config_0.8.16-1_all.deb

(usually the version will change overtime e.g. the 0.8.16-1 will become 0.8.21-1 etc..)

now install it with dpkg


sudo dpkg -i mysql-apt-config*

Now it will be opened a configuration screen (blue screen)
(you will need a terminal with a screen with a sufficient size otherwise the installer will stop (this could happen
when for example you are in platformio inside atom and the size of terminal is really small))

now just click on ok leavign the 3 option with the default settings.

launch:

sudo apt update

done!

now let's install mysql

sudo apt install mysql-server
you will be asked to set a root password. set it (blue screen installation)
Leave then: 'Use Strong Password Encryption' when asked

DONE!
you can check the status with:

sudo systemctl status mysql

__
you can also run some checks for security settings with this command::

mysql_secure_installation

some options will prompt for an answer. you will have to just press 'y' to yes and any other letter for 'no'
first question:
validate password plugin = type enter to skip it
 If enabled, you will also be prompted to choose a level from 0–2 for how strict the password validation will be

 second question:
 change root password: type enter to skip it as we have just created a new root
  removing the anonymous MySQL user = y
  disallowing remote root login = it depends but most of users: type y
   removing the test database = y
   reloading privilege tables to ensure the previous changes take effect properly = y (to apply your changes)

   done with security settings.

   you can test with 'mysqladmin' command that comes with the mysql installation:

   mysqladmin -u root -p version

   this command will specify the user (-u) that in this case is root, it will ask for a passsword (-p)
   and will run a command that in this casee is 'version'
therefore the mysql version will be displayed after typing the root Password

done! your mysql is set up and ready to go!
